c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\DB login.exe.config
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\DB login.exe
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\DB login.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login.g.resources
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB_login.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login.exe
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\DB login.pdb
C:\Users\Owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\display.g.cs
C:\Users\Owner\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DB login\DB login\obj\Debug\display.baml
